The European insurance sector will soon be faced with the application of Solvency 2 regulation norms. It will create a real change in risk management practices. The ORSA approach of the second pillar makes the capital allocation an important exercise for all insurers and specially for groups. Considering multi-branches firms, capital allocation has to be based on a multivariate risk modeling. Several allocation methods are present in the literature and insurers practices. In this paper, we present a new risk allocation method, we study its coherence using an axiomatic approach, and we try to define what the best allocation choice for an insurance group is. Introduction Solvency 2 standards will make a radical change in risk management practices in the actuarial sector. They are based on a strengthening of risk control and minimization of a ruin probability. The determination of the economic regulatory capital will be faced under this prudential mechanism with a kind of methodological revolution. A choices of a dependence model between different risks and of an aggregation methodology are both required. In the prescribed Standard Formula, risks aggregation is done using correlation matrices that connect families and subfamilies of risks.
﻿Recently the proof of factorization in heavy quarkonium production in NRQCD color octet mechanism is given at next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) in coupling constant by using diagrammatic method of QCD. In this paper we prove factorization in heavy quarkonium production in NRQCD color octet mechanism at all order in coupling constant by using path integral method of QCD. Our proof is valid to all powers in the heavy quark relative velocity. We find that the gauge invariance and the factorization at all order in coupling constant require gauge-completed non-perturbative NRQCD matrix elements that were introduced previously to prove factorization at NNLO. INTRODUCTION In the last two decades, the NRQCD color octet mechanism [1] for heavy quarkonium production has been very successful in explaining experimental data at high energy colliders such as at Tevatron [2] and at LHC [3]. In its original formulation [1] the proof of factorization in heavy quarkonium production in NRQCD color octet mechanism was lacking. The proof of factorization is an essential requirement to study heavy quarkonium production at high energy colliders. Factorization refers to separation of short-distance effects from long-distance effects in quantum field theory. 
﻿We propose algorithms to approximate directed information graphs. Directed information graphs are probabilistic graphical models that depict causal dependencies between stochastic processes in a network. The proposed algorithms identify optimal and near-optimal approximations in terms of Kullback-Leibler divergence. The user-chosen sparsity trades off the quality of the approximation against visual conciseness and computational tractability. One class of approximations contains graphs with specified in-degrees. Another class additionally requires that the graph is connected. For both classes, we propose algorithms to identify the optimal approximations and also near-optimal approximations, using a novel relaxation of submodularity. We also propose algorithms to identify the r-best approximations among these classes, enabling robust decision making. Keywords: probabilistic graphical models, network inference, causality, submodularity, approximation algorithms 1. Introduction Many fields of the sciences and engineering require analysis, modeling, and decision making using networks, typically represented by graphs. Social networks, financial networks, and biological networks are a few categories that are relevant not only academically but also in daily life. A major challenge for studying networks is identifying a concise topology, such as who strongly influences whom in a social network. Real world networks are often large— there are tens of thousands of human genes and trillions of connections in the human brain.
﻿Based on the concept of DNA strand displacement and DNA strand algebra we have developed a method for logical inference which is not based on silicon based computing. Essentially, it is a paradigm shift from silicon to carbon. In this paper we have considered the inference mechanism, viz. modus ponens, to draw conclusion from any observed fact. Thus, the present approach to logical inference based on DNA strand algebra is basically an attempt to develop expert system design in the domain of DNA computing. We have illustrated our methodology with respect to worked out example. Our methodology is very flexible for implementation of different expert system applications. Keywords: logical inference, DNA strand algebra; DNA gate; DNA signal; process algebra; DNA computing; modus ponens; strand displacement; molecular computing; expert system approach. 1. Introduction Conventional silicon based computing has been successful over the past several decades. It is fast, flexible, and well understood. But it has reached its limitations of design complexity, processing power, memory, energy consumption, density and heat dissipation. Alternatives to these traditional methods of building computers have been proposed and in recent past molecular computing has gained considerable attention for non-silicon based computing which can overcome conventional computation problems. The Watson-Crick base pairing makes DNA a powerful tool for engineering at nano-scale.
﻿Trip distribution laws are basic for the travel demand characterization needed in transport and urban planning. Several approaches have been considered in the last years. One of them is the so-called gravity law, in which the number of trips is assumed to be related to the population at origin and destination and to decrease with the distance. The mathematical expression of this law resembles Newton’s law of gravity, which explains its name. Another popular approach is inspired by the theory of intervening opportunities and it has been concreted into the so-called radiation models. Individuals are supposed to travel until they find a job opportunity, so the population and jobs spatial distributions naturally lead to a trip flow network. In this paper, we perform a thorough comparison between the gravity and the radiation approaches in their ability at estimating commuting flows. We test the gravity and the radiation laws against empirical trip data at different scales and coming from different countries. Different versions of the gravity and the radiation laws are used to estimate the probability that an individual has to commute from one unit to another, called trip distribution law. Based on these probability distribution the commuting networks are simulated with different trip distribution models. 
﻿We propose a simple mean-field ansatz to study phase transitions from a topological phase to a trivial phase. We probe the efficiency of this approach by considering the string-net model in the presence of a string tension for any anyon theory. Such a perturbation is known to be responsible for a deconfinement-confinement phase transition which is well described by the present variational setup. We argue that mean-field results become exact in the limit of large total quantum dimension. PACS numbers: 05.30.Pr, 05.30.Rt, 71.10.Pm, 75.10.Jm The blend of quantum computation and of topological phases of matter [1] have led to the idea of topological quantum computation [2–4]. In this field, the essential ingredient is the construction of physical systems sustaining exotic excitations known as non-Abelian anyons (see Ref. [5] for a review). Being genuinely non local, these anyons allow for efficient storage and manipulation of quantum information. Indeed, topologically ordered systems [1] are stable under local perturbations [6] and hence protected against undesirable effects such as decoherence. However, strong enough perturbations, may drive the system to a non topological phase. In recent years, many works have been devoted to the study of this robustness in microscopic models. 
﻿Walking animals, like stick insects, cockroaches or ants, demonstrate a fascinating range of locomotive abilities and complex behaviors. The locomotive behaviors can consist of a variety of walking patterns along with adaptation that allow the animals to deal with changes in environmental conditions, like uneven terrains, gaps, obstacles etc. Biological study has revealed that such complex behaviors are a result of a combination of biomechanics and neural mechanism thus representing the true nature of embodied interactions. While the biomechanics helps maintain flexibility and sustain a variety of movements, the neural mechanisms generate movements while making appropriate predictions crucial for achieving adaptation. Such predictions or planning ahead can be achieved by way of internal models that are grounded in the overall behavior of the animal. Inspired by these findings, we present here, an artificial bio-inspired walking system which effectively combines biomechanics (in terms of the body and leg structures) with the underlying neural mechanisms. The neural mechanisms consist of 1) central pattern generator based control for generating basic rhythmic patterns and coordinated movements, 2) distributed (at each leg) recurrent neural network based adaptive forward models with efference copies as internal models for sensory predictions and instantaneous state estimations, and 3) searching and elevation control for adapting the movement of an individual leg to deal with different environmental conditions. 
﻿Perceptual similarity is a cognitive judgment that represents the end-stage of a complex cascade of hierarchical processing throughout visual cortex. Although it is intuitive that visual objects that appear similar may share similar underlying patterns of neural activation, a direct mapping between perceptual similarity and representational distance has not been demonstrated. Here we explore the relationship between the human brain’s time-varying representation of visual patterns and behavioral judgments of perceptual similarity. The visual stimuli were abstract patterns constructed from identical perceptual units (oriented Gabor patches) so that each pattern had a unique global form or perceptual 'Gestalt'. The visual stimuli were decodable from evoked neural activation patterns measured with magnetoencephalography (MEG), however, stimuli differed in the similarity of their neural representation as estimated by differences in decodability. Early after stimulus onset (from 50ms), a model based on retinotopic organization predicted the representational similarity of the visual stimuli. Following the peak correlation between the retinotopic model and neural data at 80ms, the neural representations quickly evolved so that retinotopy no longer provided a sufficient account of the brain’s time-varying representation of the stimuli. Overall the strongest predictor of the brain’s representation was a model based on human judgments of perceptual similarity, which reached the theoretical limits of the maximum correlation with the neural data defined by the 'noise ceiling'. 
﻿We compare in this paper several feature selection methods for the Naive Bayes Classifier (NBC) when the data under study are described by a large number of redundant binary indicators. Wrapper approaches guided by the NBC estimation of the classification error probability outperform filter approaches while retaining a reasonable computational cost. 1 Introduction We consider in this paper application contexts in which a large body of expert knowledge is available as a series of simple and low level parametric scores. The goal is to build an interpretable classifier from this knowledge (and from a learning set). Then the scores are assumed to be simple parametric functions from the data space to R with the interpretation that a high value of a score indicates that the datum submitted to the score belongs probably to the class that the score has been designed to detect. Let’s consider a concrete example from our main application domain, aircraft engine monitoring (see [7] for details). We aim here at classifying some short time series (around 150 time points, each series having its own specific length) into different classes (normal signal and different types of anomalies corresponding to some non stationarity in the signal).
﻿We propose a new gradient-domain technique for processing registered EM image stacks to remove inter-image discontinuities while preserving intra-image detail. To this end, we process the image stack by first performing anisotropic smoothing along the slice axis and then solving a Poisson equation within each slice to re-introduce the detail. The final image stack is continuous across the slice axis and maintains sharp details within each slice. Adapting existing out-of-core techniques for solving the linear system, we describe a parallel algorithm with time complexity that is linear in the size of the data and space complexity that is sub-linear, allowing us to process datasets as large as five teravoxels with a 600 MB memory footprint. Index Terms—Gradient Domain, Image Processing, Image Fusion I. INTRODUCTION Recent innovation and automation of electron microscopy sectioning has made it possible to obtain high-resolution image stacks capturing the relationships between cellular structures [1]. This, in turn, has motivated research in areas such as connectomics [2], [3], [4], [5] which aims to gain insight into neural function through the study of the connectivity network. While the technological advances in acquisition and registration have made it possible to acquire unprecedentedly large micron-resolution volumes, the acquisition process itself introduces undesirable artifacts in the data, complicating tasks of (semi-)automatic anatomy tracking.
﻿One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found  himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.  He lay on  his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could  see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff  sections.  The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready  to slide off any moment.  His many legs, pitifully thin compared  with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he  looked.    "What's happened to me?" he thought.  It wasn't a dream.  His room,  a proper human room although a little too small, lay peacefully  between its four familiar walls.  A collection of textile samples  lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and  above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an  illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.  It showed  a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat upright,  raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm  towards the viewer.    Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. 
  It was the year of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. Spiritual revelations were conceded to England at that favoured period, as at this. Mrs. Southcott had recently attained her five-and-twentieth blessed birthday, of whom a prophetic private in the Life Guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that arrangements were made for the swallowing up of London and Westminster. Even the Cock-lane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years, after rapping out its messages, as the spirits of this very year last past (supernaturally deficient in originality) rapped out theirs. Mere messages in the earthly order of events had lately come to the English Crown and People, from a congress of British subjects in America: which, strange to relate, have proved more important to the human race than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the Cock-lane brood.  France, less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister of the shield and trident, rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill, making paper money and spending it. Under the guidance of her Christian pastors, she entertained herself, besides, with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth to have his hands cut off, his tongue torn out with pincers, and his body burned alive, because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty procession of monks which passed within his view, at a distance of some fifty or sixty yards. 
﻿Well, then, the old thingcommenced again.  The widow rung a bell for supper, and you had to cometo time. When you got to the table you couldn't go right to eating, butyou had to wait for the widow to tuck down her head and grumble a littleover the victuals, though there warn't really anything the matter withthem,--that is, nothing only everything was cooked by itself.  In abarrel of odds and ends it is different; things get mixed up, and thejuice kind of swaps around, and the things go better. After supper she got out her book and learned me about Moses and theBulrushers, and I was in a sweat to find out all about him; but by andby she let it out that Moses had been dead a considerable long time; sothen I didn't care no more about him, because I don't take no stock indead people.Pretty soon I wanted to smoke, and asked the widow to let me.  But shewouldn't.  She said it was a mean practice and wasn't clean, and I musttry to not do it any more.  That is just the way with some people.  Theyget down on a thing when they don't know nothing about it.  
And yet there was but one woman to him, and that woman was the late Irene Adler, of dubious and questionable memory. I had seen little of Holmes lately. My marriage had drifted us away from each other. My own complete happiness, and the home-centred interests which rise up around the man who first finds himself master of his own establishment, were sufficient to absorb all my attention, while Holmes, who loathed every form of society with his whole Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in Baker Street, buried among his old books, and alternating from week to week between cocaine and ambition, the drowsiness of the drug, and the fierce energy of his own keen nature. He was still, as ever, deeply attracted by the study of crime, and occupied his immense faculties and extraordinary powers of observation in following out those clues, and clearing up those mysteries which had been abandoned as hopeless by the official police. From time to time I heard some vague account of his doings: of his summons to Odessa in the case of the Trepoff murder, of his clearing up of the singular tragedy of the Atkinson brothers at Trincomalee, and finally of the mission which he had accomplished so delicately and successfully for the reigning family of Holland. 
﻿Emma Woodhouse, handsome, clever, and rich, with a comfortable homeand happy disposition, seemed to unite some of the best blessings ofexistence; and had lived nearly twenty-one years in the world with verylittle to distress or vex her. She was the youngest of the two daughters of a most affectionate,indulgent father; and had, in consequence of her sister's marriage, beenmistress of his house from a very early period. Her mother had diedtoo long ago for her to have more than an indistinct remembrance ofher caresses; and her place had been supplied by an excellent woman asgoverness, who had fallen little short of a mother in affection. Sixteen years had Miss Taylor been in Mr. Woodhouse's family, less as agoverness than a friend, very fond of both daughters, but particularlyof Emma. Between _them_ it was more the intimacy of sisters. Even beforeMiss Taylor had ceased to hold the nominal office of governess, themildness of her temper had hardly allowed her to impose any restraint;and the shadow of authority being now long passed away, they had beenliving together as friend and friend very mutually attached, and Emmadoing just what she liked; highly esteeming Miss Taylor's judgment, butdirected chiefly by her own.
﻿The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses, and when the lightsummer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden, there came throughthe open door the heavy scent of the lilac, or the more delicateperfume of the pink-flowering thorn. From the corner of the divan of Persian saddle-bags on which he waslying, smoking, as was his custom, innumerable cigarettes, Lord HenryWotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and honey-colouredblossoms of a laburnum, whose tremulous branches seemed hardly able tobear the burden of a beauty so flamelike as theirs; and now and thenthe fantastic shadows of birds in flight flitted across the longtussore-silk curtains that were stretched in front of the huge window,producing a kind of momentary Japanese effect, and making him think ofthose pallid, jade-faced painters of Tokyo who, through the medium ofan art that is necessarily immobile, seek to convey the sense ofswiftness and motion. The sullen murmur of the bees shouldering theirway through the long unmown grass, or circling with monotonousinsistence round the dusty gilt horns of the straggling woodbine,seemed to make the stillness more oppressive. The dim roar of Londonwas like the bourdon note of a distant organ.
﻿He went up to Anna Pavlovna, kissed her hand, presenting to her his bald, scented, and shining head, and complacently seated himself on the sofa.  "First of all, dear friend, tell me how you are. Set your friend's mind at rest," said he without altering his tone, beneath the politeness and affected sympathy of which indifference and even irony could be discerned.  "Can one be well while suffering morally? Can one be calm in times like these if one has any feeling?" said Anna Pavlovna. "You are staying the whole evening, I hope?"  "And the fete at the English ambassador's? Today is Wednesday. I must put in an appearance there," said the prince. "My daughter is coming for me to take me there."  "I thought today's fete had been canceled. I confess all these festivities and fireworks are becoming wearisome."  "If they had known that you wished it, the entertainment would have been put off," said the prince, who, like a wound-up clock, by force of habit said things he did not even wish to be believed.  "Don't tease! Well, and what has been decided about Novosiltsev's dispatch? You know everything."  "What can one say about it?" replied the prince in a cold, listless tone. "What has been decided? They have decided that Buonaparte has burnt his boats, and I believe that we are ready to burn ours."
﻿In the offing the sea and the sky were welded together without a joint, and in the luminous space the tanned sails of the barges drifting up with the tide seemed to stand still in red clusters of canvas sharply peaked, with gleams of varnished sprits. A haze rested on the low shores that ran out to sea in vanishing flatness. The air was dark above Gravesend, and farther back still seemed condensed into a mournful gloom, brooding motionless over the biggest, and the greatest, town on earth.  The Director of Companies was our captain and our host. We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in the bows looking to seaward. On the whole river there was nothing that looked half so nautical. He resembled a pilot, which to a seaman is trustworthiness personified. It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the luminous estuary, but behind him, within the brooding gloom.  Between us there was, as I have already said somewhere, the bond of the sea. Besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation, it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other's yarns--and even convictions. The Lawyer--the best of old fellows--had, because of his many years and many virtues, the only cushion on deck, and was lying on the only rug. 
From the listless repose of the place, and the peculiar character of its inhabitants, who are descendants from the original Dutch settlers, this sequestered glen has long been known by the name of SLEEPY HOLLOW, and its rustic lads are called the Sleepy Hollow Boys throughout all the neighboring country. A drowsy, dreamy influence seems to hang over the land, and to pervade the very atmosphere. Some say that the place was bewitched by a High German doctor, during the early days of the settlement; others, that an old Indian chief, the prophet or wizard of his tribe, held his powwows there before the country was discovered by Master Hendrick Hudson. Certain it is, the place still continues under the sway of some witching power, that holds a spell over the minds of the good people, causing them to walk in a continual reverie. They are given to all kinds of marvellous beliefs, are subject to trances and visions, and frequently see strange sights, and hear music and voices in the air. The whole neighborhood abounds with local tales, haunted spots, and twilight superstitions; stars shoot and meteors glare oftener across the valley than in any other part of the country, and the nightmare, with her whole ninefold, seems to make it the favorite scene of her gambols.  
“This is our home,” she said Tuesday, standing in her driveway wearing a sleeveless blouse and open-toed sandals. “Until it’s in my backyard and that rubber is melting on my truck I’m not going anywhere. We’ve got to protect the neighborhood. Who else is going to?” The flames came close to this neighborhood on the fire's northern edge Monday night. A wind shift pushed flames from the next road south -- West Sockeye Avenue, near where the fire started -- and toward the rural West Sheep Creek Drive neighborhood where Walz lives, amid a thick canopy of the same black spruce that this fire blows through like standing tinder. Alaska State Troopers told the scattered residents along the gravel road to evacuate. Walz lost her home in the 1996 Miller's Reach fire that destroyed more than 400. “I told him I wasn’t leaving,” she said. “They said it was voluntary anyway.” This fire, however, is expected to turn ugly again. Forecasts called for extreme behavior Tuesday night due to thunderstorms and erratic winds. The crews fighting the fire acknowledge the state's general policy against mandatory evacuations. But they don't like it, officials say, because homeowners may misjudge the danger. “The troopers are very cautious in advising us that evacuations are voluntary,” Tom Kurth, incident commander on the fire, said during a press conference Tuesday. 
“Little by little, we’ve allowed our freedom to slip away,” Mr. Paul said during a lengthy floor soliloquy.   The expiration of surveillance authority demonstrates a profound shift in American attitudes since the days after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, when national security was pre-eminent in both parties. Fourteen years after that attack, even as American conflicts continue abroad, a swell of privacy concerns stemming from both the vast expansion of communication systems and an increasing distrust of government’s use of data has turned those concerns on their head.   While it would represent a retrenchment on the part of the government, it does not end the argument over the dual imperatives of security and individual liberty brought to light by Edward J. Snowden, a former contractor for the National Security Agency.   The expiration of three key provisions of the Patriot Act means that, for now, the N.S.A. will no longer collect newly created logs of Americans’ phone calls in bulk. It also means that the F.B.I. cannot invoke the Patriot Act to obtain, for new investigations, wiretap orders that follow a suspect who changes phones, wiretap orders for a “lone wolf” terrorism suspect not linked to a group, or court orders to obtain business records relevant to an investigation.
The Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday ordered food companies to phase out artificial trans fats, calling them a threat to public health. Consumers aren't likely to notice much of a difference in their favorite foods, but the administration says the move will reduce coronary heart disease and prevent thousands of fatal heart attacks every year. Scientists say there are no health benefits to the fats, which are used in processing food and in restaurants, usually to improve texture, shelf life or flavor. They can raise levels of "bad" cholesterol and lower "good" cholesterol, increasing the risk of heart disease, the leading cause of death in the United States. The fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil to make it more solid, which is why they are often called partially hydrogenated oils. Once a staple of the American diet — think shortening and microwave popcorn — most artificial trans fats are already gone. The FDA says that between 2003 and 2012, people ate about 78 percent less trans fat as food companies began using other kinds of oils to replace them. But some foods still have them, and the FDA says those trans fats remaining in the food supply are a health concern.
In a day of protests in Egypt, hundreds of thousands of people marched in the streets on January 25th facing down riot police, water cannons, baton charges and tear gas. The people are chanting for freedom and an end to the corrupt administration of Hosni Mubarak, who has been in power for 30 years, with the demand that he join the Tunisian dictator Ben Ali in Saudi Arabia.   By mid-afternoon, the Egyptian government had blocked Twitter, websites of independent newspapers and live streaming application #bambuser. There are reports that phone lines used by lawyers and activists providing support are also being suspended, and many phone lines have had data services disabled.   At least six protesters were killed with some reports that police in some cities used live ammunition on crowds. Over 1000 protesters have been arrested and Egyptian telecoms are attempting to block access to sites where protesters can post coverage.   While few people will openly admit to liking the dictatorship of Mubarak, he is one of the largest recipients of US aid and maintains his power largely because of the US backing. . In a January 27th PBS interview, Vice President Biden said he would not refer to Egyptian President Mubarak as a dictator and instead called him an “ally” on a number of key foreign policy issues.
This year, Pope Francis brought a little something extra for the Curia: a 15-point “catalog” of spiritual diseases he’s seen among leadership there, and how a little bit of Christmas spirit might help to make things better. It’s not a perfect analogy, but Francis’s  Christmas greeting Monday was roughly the equivalent of a CEO sending his or her top executives off to Christmas vacation with a cleverly-worded list of everything they do wrong at the company. Merry Christmas? The list of diseases included “spiritual Alzheimer’s,” “spiritual petrification,” a feeling of being “immortal,” and “funereal face,” a concept Francis referred to this month, urging followers to prepare for Christmas with “joy,” instead of dourness or anxiety.  The pope also blasted gossiping among officials as a form of “satanic assassination.” He said: “Sometimes, [officials of the Curia] feel themselves ‘lords of the manor’ – superior  to everyone and everything.” Francis hoped that the Christmas season would help the governing body to heal some of what ails it. The Vatican released an English version of the list. Some of the highlights — or lowlights — depending on whether you are a member of the Curia or not: On feeling “immortal”: “A curia that does not practice self-criticism, does not keep up to date, does not try to better itself, is an infirm Body.’ 
Messages in support of adjunct-faculty members and a more democratized University of California system were displayed as individuals held several large, colorful puppets. Food was served, and the day-long event was dubbed "St. Precaria's Picnic." Lecturers are non-tenure track adjunct-faculty members. They say that they are not treated like professionals, even though they teach classes, engage in writing and research, and hold advanced degrees from top universities. Across the University of California system about one-third of all classes are taught by Lecturers, and contingent faculty members teach over half of the UC's undergraduate credit hours in total, if graduate student teachers are included in the equation.  The majority of Lecturers are hired year-by-year or quarter-by-quarter as "temp" workers, which leaves them with no job security. Additionally, a full-time Lecturer's workload is typically twice that of a tenure track professor, yet they are paid significantly less.  Many of the picket signs displayed at the picnic communicated around the theme of precarity. One such message, "A Precarious Faculty = A Precarious University," was emblazoned on a gold flag along with the stencil of a fist holding a pencil.  Precarity has been defined as a condition of instability in the workforce created in postindustrial societies when management seeks to increase its own strength by limiting job opportunities to temporary and or part-time work. 
Carl Krawitt has watched his son, Rhett, now 6, fight leukemia for the past 4 1/2 years. For more than three of those years, Rhett has undergone round after round of chemotherapy. Last year he finished chemotherapy, and doctors say he is in remission. Now, there's a new threat, one that the family should not have to worry about: measles. Rhett cannot be vaccinated, because his immune system is still rebuilding. It may be months more before his body is healthy enough to get all his immunizations. Until then, he depends on everyone around him for protection — what's known as herd immunity. But Rhett lives in Marin County, Calif., a county with the dubious honor of having the highest rate of "personal belief exemptions" in the Bay Area and among the highest in the state. This school year, 6.45 percent of children in Marin have a personal belief exemption, which allows parents to lawfully send their children to school unvaccinated against communicable diseases like measles, polio, whooping cough and more. Carl Krawitt has had just about enough. "It's very emotional for me," he said. "If you choose not to immunize your own child and your own child dies because they get measles, OK, that's your responsibility, that's your choice. But if your child gets sick and gets my child sick and my child dies, then ... your action has harmed my child."
South Korea’s startup culture has been gaining more attention as of late. According to Korea’s Small and Medium Business Administration, the number of startups in the country soared to roughly 30,000 as of January this year, up from a mere 2,000 some 16 years ago. And among that group, 63 have risen to No. 1 in terms of market share in their respective industries. But in spite of that growth and the government’s ongoing support for building a “creative economy,” one that favors and encourages young entrepreneurship, Korea’s startup culture is not as advantageous or conducive as it might seem. While many have the impression the country’s startup landscape is teeming with opportunity, there are some who remain skeptical of its true offerings. One such entrepreneur is Jae Lee, founder and CEO of Movable Ads, a mobile advertising application that empowers sports fans from all over the world to engage and cheer on their favorite teams or players in real time. The company has offices in Texas and Seoul, and has already begun to expand into the European market with a another branch in Germany. 
The TPP would create an environment hostile to journalists and whistleblowers, said policy directors for the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Fight for the Future, co-authors of the letter. “TPP’s trade secrets provisions could make it a crime for people to reveal corporate wrongdoing ‘through a computer system’,” says the letter. “The language is dangerously vague, and enables signatory countries to enact rules that would ban reporting on timely, critical issues affecting the public.”  Among the signatories are activist, sci-fi author and Guardian tech columnist Cory Doctorow. “Democracies make their laws in public, not in smoke-filled rooms,” Doctorow wrote. “If TPP’s backers truly believed that they were doing the people’s work, they’d have invited the people into the room. The fact that they went to extreme, unprecedented measures to stop anyone from finding out what was going on – even going so far as to threaten Congress with jail if they spoke about it – tells you that this is something being done *to* Americans, not *for* Americans.”  Also on the list were prominent members of the open source community, including David Heinemeier Hansson, creator of the popular Ruby on Rails web development framework, image hosting company Imgur and domain name manager Namecheap.
The hacking group that calls itself Anonymous, following through on a video threat, revealed the names of two of the Vineland, N.J., officers involved in a fatal arrest last week, and officials confirmed the names Tuesday. Chief Timothy Codispoti posted recordings of the 911 call and police dispatches from the arrest of Phillip White on the department's Facebook page. A lawyer representing the three officers involved in the incident confirmed their names, as did the chief, who was cited by NJ.com. Police used a dog to restrain White, 32, of Vineland, after they said he tried to reach for one of the officers' weapons on March 31. White's family and a rights activist, citing witnesses, allege that the officers punched and beat White before he was placed in an ambulance for respiratory distress. They also point to a bystander's cellphone video, which they say shows a police dog biting White as he lies on the ground. On Tuesday, the names, home addresses, and phone numbers of Officers Louis Platania and Jeffrey Travaline were posted on a website that has been used by Anonymous hackers. Stuart Alterman, who said he has been hired by the police union to represent the three officers, called the release of names by Anonymous "unfortunate," saying the investigation should be allowed to play out.
