//control: controls

It's Alaska's leading expert in valves, flow meters, actuators, instrumentation, and process controls.
It 's Alaska 's lead expert in valve , flow meter , actuator , instrumentation , and process control . 

//contribute: contributed 

Yet Lord Byron contributed to it unwillingly, and with constant self-reproach and shame.
Yet Lord Byron contribute to it unwillingly , and with constant self-reproach and shame . 

//norm: norms

There are four key types of norms, with differing levels of scope and reach, significance and importance.
There be four key type of norm , with differ level of scope and reach , significance and importance . 

//produce: producing

He starts with the cost of producing something like Arrested Development, and then works out how many extra subscribers Netflix would need to attract in order to justify that cost.
He start with the cost of produce something like Arrested Development , and then work out how many extra subscriber Netflix would need to attract in order to justify that cost . 

//democracy: democracies

Democracies have certainly made mistakes, pursued foolish policies, and committed atrocities, but the historical record does not show unequivocally that democracy is much worse as a form of government than other arrangements.
Democracies have certainly make mistake , pursue foolish policy , and committed atrocity , but the historical record do not show unequivocally that democracy be much worse a a form of government than other arrangement . 

//develop: developed

Although our review focuses on literature in developing countries because of its predominance, we refer to literature in developed countries (primarily the United States) to gain a deeper understanding of the impacts of CF.
Although our review focus on literature in develop country because of it predominance , we refer to literature in developed country ( primarily the United States ) to gain a deeper understanding of the impact of CF . 

//focus: focusing

When you are focusing automatically you need to have the active AF point over the subject in the viewfinder to get it sharp.
When you be focus automatically you need to have the active AF point over the subject in the viewfinder to get it sharp . 

//identify: identified

The United Airlines passenger who was violently dragged off a plane after refusing to give up his seat on Sunday has been identified as David Dao, a physician based in Elizabethtown, Kentucky.
The United Airlines passenger who be violently drag off a plane after refuse to give up his seat on Sunday have be identify a David Dao , a physician base in Elizabethtown , Kentucky . 

//complete: completes

Explore the largest selection of new mini completes in stock now.
Explore the largest selection of new mini complete in stock now . 

//realize: realizing

While working at Ames, I am realizing my lifelong goal to become an agent of change.
While work at Ames , I be realize my lifelong goal to become an agent of change . 

//religion: religions

Religions may contain symbolic stories, which are sometimes said by followers to be true, that have the side purpose of explaining the origin of life, the Universe and other things.
Religions may contain symbolic story , which be sometimes say by follower to be true , that have the side purpose of explain the origin of life , the Universe and other thing . 

//measure: measures 

CHIPRA required HHS to identify and publish a core measure set of children’s health care quality measures for voluntary use by State Medicaid and CHIP programs.
CHIPRA require HHS to identify and publish a core measure set of children’s health care quality measure for voluntary use by State Medicaid and CHIP program . 

//recognize: recognized

Myo armband not recognized through USB.
Myo armband not recognize through USB . 

//judgement: judgments

I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes.
I 'm afraid of the quick judgement or mistake everybody make . 

//tradition: traditions 

Traditions link the present to the past, and they provide a dash of fun and spirit to the Hollins experience.
Traditions link the present to the past , and they provide a dash of fun and spirit to the Hollins experience . 

//define: defined

Absences are defined as instances when persons who usually work 35 or more hours per week worked less than 35 hours during the reference week.
Absences be define a instance when person who usually work 35 or more hour per week work le than 35 hour during the reference week . 

//respond: responds

However, it remains unclear how the visual cortex responds to recovery of retinal function after prolonged sensory deprivation.
However , it remain unclear how the visual cortex responds to recovery of retinal function after prolonged sensory deprivation . 

//describe: describing

Here, we demonstrate how a multiparameter classification approach can be used to characterize the complex and subtle structural pattern of gray matter anatomy implicated in adults with ASD, and to reveal spatially distributed patterns of discriminating regions for a variety of parameters describing brain anatomy.
Here , we demonstrate how a multiparameter classification approach can be use to characterize the complex and subtle structural pattern of gray matter anatomy implicate in adult with ASD , and to reveal spatially distribute pattern of discriminate region for a variety of parameter describe brain anatomy . 

//prove: proven

It was just a touch dull, showing, ever so slightly, the scorched wear from its first launch, almost a year ago-a “flight proven” rocket, as Elon Musk’s SpaceX likes to call it.
It be just a touch dull , showing , ever so slightly , the scorch wear from it first launch , almost a year ago-a “flight proven” rocket , a Elon Musk’s SpaceX like to call it . 

//naturalize: naturalizes

This means that the denoted image naturalizes the symbolic message: it innocents the semantic artifice of connotation, which in advertizing is extremely dense.
This mean that the denoted image naturalize the symbolic message : it innocents the semantic artifice of connotation , which in advertizing be extremely dense . 

//increase: increasing

Increasing the computation period is generally considered an incentive for workers to extend their careers.
Increasing the computation period be generally consider an incentive for worker to extend their career . 

//involve: involves

If crossing over involves the physical exchange of chromsomal material, then the recombinant phenotypes should each contain one of the cytological landmarks.
If crossing over involve the physical exchange of chromsomal material , then the recombinant phenotype should each contain one of the cytological landmark . 

//commercial: commercials 

Watch our commercials and find out how we think accidents happen to even the most responsible people.
Watch our commercial and find out how we think accident happen to even the most responsible people . 

//criticize: criticized

Trait correlation networks: a whole-plant perspective on the recently criticized leaf economic spectrum
Trait correlation network : a whole-plant perspective on the recently criticize leaf economic spectrum 

//demonstrate: demonstrates

This demonstrates that place cells' activity during sleep still conveys relevant spatial information and that this activity is functionally significant for navigation.
This demonstrate that place cell ' activity during sleep still convey relevant spatial information and that this activity be functionally significant for navigation . 

//effect: effects

Czech gear company Bastl Instruments has revealed its latest unique contraption, a digital tape effects unit called Thyme.
Czech gear company Bastl Instruments have reveal it latest unique contraption , a digital tape effect unit call Thyme . 

//plan: planning

Numerous strategies can be used for planning, where the time requirements and the plan quality associated with each strategy depend on the environment around the original flight path.
Numerous strategy can be use for planning , where the time requirement and the plan quality associate with each strategy depend on the environment around the original flight path . 

//reform: reformed

Taking advantage of high temperature and nickel based catalysts several compounds such as methane, ethanol and ammonia can be internally reformed or thermally decomposed producing hydrogen rich gas streams.
Taking advantage of high temperature and nickel base catalyst several compound such a methane , ethanol and ammonia can be internally reform or thermally decomposed produce hydrogen rich gas stream . 

//success: successes

Here, we look back at the many failures and successes (there are some!)of towing icebergs from the early 19th century to today.
Here , we look back at the many failure and success ( there be some ! ) of tow iceberg from the early 19th century to today . 

//politicize: politicized

Who politicized the burkini?
Who politicize the burkini ? 

//debate: debating 

It includes details of workshops and competitions for debating & public speaking.
It include detail of workshop and competition for debate & public speaking . 

//level: leveled

These consistently and accurately leveled books progressively increase in difficulty to help students improve comprehension and fluency.
These consistently and accurately level book progressively increase in difficulty to help student improve comprehension and fluency . 

//trade: trading 

If you think otherwise, try making money by trading.
If you think otherwise , try make money by trading . 

//nation: nations 

Do our differences effectively split us into two nations, or are they just cracks in a still-united whole?
Do our difference effectively split u into two nation , or be they just crack in a still-united whole ? 

//encourage: encourages

Aspen Words encourages writers at all stages of discovery, craft development, and commitment.
Aspen Words encourage writer at all stage of discovery , craft development , and commitment . 

//observe: observed

However, based on a review of the literature it seems to be no consensus on which variable (predicted or observed) should be placed in each axis.
However , base on a review of the literature it seem to be no consensus on which variable ( predict or observe ) should be place in each axis . 

//reveal: revealing

We propose that a candidate's campaign promises are a partially revealing signal of her policy preference type.
We propose that a candidate 's campaign promise be a partially revealing signal of her policy preference type . 

//strike: stricken

The stricken cruise liner The Norwegian Star is expected to arrive in Port Melbourne this afternoon.
The stricken cruise liner The Norwegian Star be expect to arrive in Port Melbourne this afternoon . 

//govern: governing

Russell’s study of CHP/DH during the pre and post war periods in the UK cites the dominance of “producer interests” and a set of rules and institutions governing the operation of energy industries which made it difficult for small scale generators to input into the national electricity system and to create local markets for heat supply (Russell, 1993).
Russell’s study of CHP/DH during the pre and post war period in the UK cite the dominance of “producer interests” and a set of rule and institution govern the operation of energy industry which make it difficult for small scale generator to input into the national electricity system and to create local market for heat supply ( Russell , 1993 ) . 

//physicality: physicalities 

Not only was I looking at the physicalities of each piece, by the end of my study each one had its own personality.
Not only be I look at the physicality of each piece , by the end of my study each one have it own personality . 

//independent: independents

While around four-in-10 voters say they’re independents, very few are actually swing voters.
While around four-in-10 voter say they’re independent , very few be actually swing voter . 

//dream: dreamt

Includes unlimited streaming of I dreamt I was a hammer & everything was glass via the free Bandcamp app.
Includes unlimited streaming of I dream I be a hammer & everything be glass via the free Bandcamp app . 

//improve: improving

These are only a few of the many methods for improving your search engine ranking.
These be only a few of the many method for improve your search engine ranking . 

//interest: interests

A Member, officer, or employee may not use his or her official position to introduce or pass legislation, when the principal purpose is to further the official’s or an immediate family member’s financial interests.
A Member , officer , or employee may not use his or her official position to introduce or pass legislation , when the principal purpose be to further the official’s or an immediate family member’s financial interest . 

//profess: professed 

A professed hit man who implicated President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines in extrajudicial killings backed off some of his earlier assertions of the president’s involvement under tough questioning from a Senate committee on Thursday.
A professed hit man who implicate President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines in extrajudicial killing back off some of his earlier assertion of the president’s involvement under tough questioning from a Senate committee on Thursday . 

//positive: positives

False positives have always been a problem with security tools, but as we add more layers to our security defenses, the cumulative impact of these false positives is growing.
False positive have always be a problem with security tool , but a we add more layer to our security defense , the cumulative impact of these false positive be grow . 

//build: built

We're the team that designed and built Orion, NASA's next generation spacecraft.
We 're the team that design and built Orion , NASA 's next generation spacecraft . 

//practice: practiced

This paper describes the emerging field of practice theory as it is practiced in relation to organizational phenomena.
This paper describe the emerge field of practice theory a it be practice in relation to organizational phenomenon . 

//prevent: preventing

Private companies like Blockstream/Core are focusing on building out capacity to allow bitcoin to be used by 1 billion users, whilst preventing us from scaling from 1 -> 10 million active users.
Private company like Blockstream/Core be focus on build out capacity to allow bitcoin to be use by 1 billion user , whilst prevent u from scale from 1 - > 10 million active user . 

//train: training

In fact, they are both training and safety devices and as such can benefit dog and owner alike.
In fact , they be both training and safety device and a such can benefit dog and owner alike . 

//officiate: officiates

Please make whoever officiates the wedding wear umpire gear
Please make whoever officiate the wedding wear umpire gear 

//stone: stoning 

An Iranian woman has been sentenced to death by stoning, the first such sentence this year.
An Iranian woman have be sentence to death by stone , the first such sentence this year . 

//benefit: benefiting 

This is a new approach for the telecom industry, benefiting from big data.
This be a new approach for the telecom industry , benefit from big data . 

//socialize: socializes 

In addition, your pet socializes with other dogs in a safe, controlled environment.
In addition , your pet socializes with other dog in a safe , control environment . 

//examine: examined 

Matt Bush is having his right shoulder examined after experiencing discomfort on Sunday.
Matt Bush be have his right shoulder examine after experience discomfort on Sunday . 

//modernize: modernizing 

Russia is modernizing the three legs of its strategic triad.
Russia be modernize the three leg of it strategic triad . 

//explain: explains 

A top Wall Street exec explains the important investing lesson she learned from watching a $1 billion deal go wrong.
A top Wall Street exec explain the important investing lesson she learn from watch a $ 1 billion deal go wrong . 

//subject: subjected 

We examined the intensity-modulating characteristics of a laser diode subjected to optical injection
We examine the intensity-modulating characteristic of a laser diode subject to optical injection 

//drive: driving

Tell DVLA about a medical condition that could affect your driving.
Tell DVLA about a medical condition that could affect your driving . 

//international: international

This includes ten selections investigating such topics as China’s financial influence and naval nationalism; unipolarity and international order; and the danger of crisis instability in U.S.-China Relations.
This include ten selection investigate such topic a China’s financial influence and naval nationalism ; unipolarity and international order ; and the danger of crisis instability in U.S.-China Relations . 

//close: closes

When I try to open the facebook application on my iPhone, it opens, then it closes itself suddenly.
When I try to open the facebook application on my iPhone , it open , then it close itself suddenly . 

//introduce: introduces

Jiyoun kim introduces squared dryers for ideal storage space.
Jiyoun kim introduces square dryer for ideal storage space . 

//travel: traveling

TSA officers will consult parents or the traveling guardian about the best way to relieve any concerns during the screening of a child.
TSA officer will consult parent or the travel guardian about the best way to relieve any concern during the screening of a child . 

//admit: admitted

Hillsdale College is one of the best liberal arts colleges in the country—and you've been admitted.
Hillsdale College be one of the best liberal art college in the country—and you 've be admit . 

//spread: spreading

By enabling third-party gadget makers such as Nucleus to provide a sophisticated Alexa experience, Amazon has a shot at spreading its assistant into more parts of more consumers’ lives than it could ever do on its own.
By enable third-party gadget maker such a Nucleus to provide a sophisticated Alexa experience , Amazon have a shot at spread it assistant into more part of more consumers’ live than it could ever do on it own . 

//culture: cultured

Learn to make cultured and fermented condiments at home with these easy recipes!
Learn to make cultured and fermented condiment at home with these easy recipe ! 

//grind: ground

If I buy ground beef, nine times out of ten it's because I'm making hamburgers.
If I buy ground beef , nine time out of ten it 's because I 'm make hamburger . 

//maintain: maintaining

At a former term, this court held that the amended petition was sufficient to resist a demurrer, in that it averred that the defendants were maintaining a certain relief association.
At a former term , this court hold that the amended petition be sufficient to resist a demurrer , in that it aver that the defendant be maintain a certain relief association . 

//discuss: discussing

Here's an example from a 6th grade social studies class in which students are discussing the electoral process.
Here 's an example from a 6th grade social study class in which student be discuss the electoral process . 

//average: averaged

No player in NFL history had averaged 100 receiving yards a game in four different seasons, until Julio.
No player in NFL history have average 100 receiving yard a game in four different season , until Julio . 

//humanity: humanity

He shares his rare perspective on the meaning of humanity.
He share his rare perspective on the meaning of humanity . 

//doctor: doctored

This doctored up cake mix recipe is better than any from-scratch cake I've ever tried.
This doctor up cake mix recipe be well than any from-scratch cake I 've ever try . 

//play: plays

BC plays the legal long game in private health-care fight.
BC play the legal long game in private health-care fight . 

//factor: factoring

To solve a quadratic function by factoring, first set the equation to equal zero.
To solve a quadratic function by factor , first set the equation to equal zero . 

//power: powered

Battery powered E-Cats would provide a lot of flexibility and portability to the technology.
Battery power E-Cats would provide a lot of flexibility and portability to the technology . 

//smile: smiles

Bruce Dern with that winning car salesman smile captures the joy & naiviete of a generation.
Bruce Dern with that win car salesman smile capture the joy & naiviete of a generation . 

//shake: shook 

I shook my head, whereon she gave it a different name taken, I suppose, from another language.
I shake my head , whereon she give it a different name take , I suppose , from another language . 

//refer: referring

If you're referring patients for dental implants, FastNewSmile®, or a tooth replacement in Dallas, have your patients fill out a referral form & bring it to the office!
If you 're refer patient for dental implant , FastNewSmile® , or a tooth replacement in Dallas , have your patient fill out a referral form & bring it to the office ! 

//associate: associating

A new surface tension model for associating liquid mixtures is proposed by coupling the Butler equation with the CPA EOS.
A new surface tension model for associate liquid mixture be propose by couple the Butler equation with the CPA EOS . 

//shape: shaped

It wasn't the Chicago cops who shaped the police culture.
It be n't the Chicago cop who shape the police culture . 

//environment: environments

Vagrant enables users to create and configure lightweight, reproducible, and portable development environments.
Vagrant enable user to create and configure lightweight , reproducible , and portable development environment . 

//compare: compares

The first compares survival for cancer patients in the United States and Ontario, while the second examines patterns across 10 countries in the use of allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in the treatment of leukemia.
The first compare survival for cancer patient in the United States and Ontario , while the second examines pattern across 10 country in the use of allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in the treatment of leukemia . 

//military: militaries

Much of the peacekeeper training Western governments have provided to African militaries was done by private firms.
Much of the peacekeeper training Western government have provide to African military be do by private firm . 

//personalize: personalizing

Some of these tasks contain more than one recipe because there are different aspects for personalizing Vim for that particular task.
Some of these task contain more than one recipe because there be different aspect for personalize Vim for that particular task . 

//handle: handled

Langford is a relatively unknown actress from Australia who handled the role with almost expert ease.
Langford be a relatively unknown actress from Australia who handle the role with almost expert ease . 

//understand: understands 

We are seeking a motivated individual who undertands these values and is able to convey our message effectively to prospective clients.
We be seek a motivate individual who undertands these value and be able to convey our message effectively to prospective client . 

//state: states

It is unknown whether cell‐to‐cell variability rises from biochemical stochastic fluctuations or distinct cellular states.
It be unknown whether cell‐to‐cell variability rise from biochemical stochastic fluctuation or distinct cellular state . 

//express: expresses

United Nations Institute for Training and Research expresses condolences for the victims of the Higashi-Nihon earthquake and tsunami.
United Nations Institute for Training and Research express condolence for the victim of the Higashi-Nihon earthquake and tsunami . 

//wild: wild

But there are no laws to protect our beautiful wild flowering shrubs and interesting native plants, many of which have become candidates for extermination.
But there be no law to protect our beautiful wild flower shrub and interesting native plant , many of which have become candidate for extermination . 

//perfect: perfects

Ryan Adams perfects his melancholy, widescreen take on 80s heartland rock on 'Prisoner'.
Ryan Adams perfect his melancholy , widescreen take on 80 heartland rock on 'Prisoner ' . 

//pressure: pressures

Empirically, New York Stock Exchange intermediary data reveals economically large price pressures, 0.49% on average with a half life of 0.92 days.
Empirically , New York Stock Exchange intermediary data reveals economically large price pressure , 0.49 % on average with a half life of 0.92 day . 

//suffer: suffers

Why get a full elo penalty when your team suffers from an AFK player?
Why get a full elo penalty when your team suffers from an AFK player ? 

//break: broken

When Standard Oil was broken up into 34 separate entities, how was ownership distributed?
When Standard Oil be break up into 34 separate entity , how be ownership distribute ? 

//drink: drank

He curiously prowled around his new surroundings, and came upon a stash of undiluted blackcurrant squash - which he promptly drank.
He curiously prowl around his new surroundings , and come upon a stash of undiluted blackcurrant squash - which he promptly drink . 

//buy: bought

“We’ve, net, bought $12 billion of common stocks since the election,” he said in an interview with Charlie Rose that aired on Friday.
“We’ve , net , buy $ 12 billion of common stock since the election , ” he say in an interview with Charlie Rose that air on Friday . 

//change: changing

So many aspects of life are oriented toward changing minds--yet this phenomenon is among the least understood of familiar human experiences.
So many aspect of life be orient toward change mind -- yet this phenomenon be among the least understood of familiar human experience . 

//talk: talked  

Because when the cops showed up at Dan's house last night, Ryan went out there and talked to them, and they just left.
Because when the cop show up at Dan 's house last night , Ryan go out there and talk to them , and they just leave . 

//hear: hears 

Supreme Court hears case of the banned band Becket urges court to protect free speech and religious speech, even speech that offends.
Supreme Court hear case of the ban band Becket urge court to protect free speech and religious speech , even speech that offends . 

//place: placed

What is the image distance i when the object is placed 95.5 cm in front of this lens?
What be the image distance i when the object be place 95.5 cm in front of this lens ? 

//light: lit

We held our annual candle lit procession from Queen Square to College Green.
We hold our annual candle lit procession from Queen Square to College Green . 

