Abstract We propose algorithms to approximate directed information graphs. Directed information graphs are probabilistic graphical models that depict causal dependencies between stochastic processes in a network. The proposed algorithms identify optimal and near-optimal approximations in terms of Kullback-Leibler divergence. The user-chosen sparsity trades off the quality of the approximation against visual conciseness and computational tractability. One class of approximations contains graphs with specified in-degrees. Another class additionally requires that the graph is connected. For both classes, we propose algorithms to identify the optimal approximations and also near-optimal approximations, using a novel relaxation of submodularity. We also propose algorithms to identify the r-best approximations among these classes, enabling robust decision making. Keywords: probabilistic graphical models, network inference, causality, submodularity, approximation algorithms 1. Introduction Many fields of the sciences and engineering require analysis, modeling, and decision making using networks, typically represented by graphs. Social networks, financial networks, and biological networks are a few categories that are relevant not only academically but also in daily life. A major challenge for studying networks is identifying a concise topology, such as who strongly influences whom in a social network. Real world networks are often large— there are tens of thousands of human genes and trillions of connections in the human brain. Such scales make human visual processing of and decision making with the whole network prohibitive. This paper investigates algorithms to identify provably good approximations of the network topology, which capture important system dynamics while significantly reducing the number of edges to enable tractable analysis. 1 arXiv:1506.04767v1 [cs.IT] 15 Jun 2015 Quinn, Pinar, and Kiyavash Across different domains, edges are used to model various kinds of ties such as physical connections or dynamic relationships. For instance, in depicting a computer network, an edge might correspond to a physical wire or a packet exchange between a sender and a receiver. For the human brain, edges could correspond to information flow between different cells or brain regions (Takahashi et al., 2015; Kim et al., 2014). For online social networks, edges might represent user-defined relationships or pairs of users that frequently message each other (Ver Steeg and Galstyan, 2012, 2013). Edges that represent dynamics often must be inferred from activity, in some cases statistically. There is a large literature on graphs whose edges depict statistical relationships. Markov and Bayesian networks are well-known probabilistic graphical models whose edges represent correlation. Many methods have been proposed to infer and approximate the networks from i.i.d. data, often relying on heuristics. For an overview, see Chapters 18 and 20 in Koller and Friedman (2009). For applications involving agents interacting with each other over time, whether in finance, biology, social networks, or other domains, there is interest in identifying and representing causal influences between the agents, not just correlation. One approach uses known families of models, such as with structural equation modeling, to distinguish cause and effect (Zhang et al., 2015, 2014; Chen et al., 2012). A recent work uses belief propagation to infer directionality (Chang et al., 2014). Alternatively, under appropriate conditions such as with expert labeling and no feedback, Bayesian networks can depict causal relationships using Pearl’s interventional calculus (Pearl, 2009). We consider the general setting when such conditions or modeling assumptions might not hold. Recently, directed information graphs were introduced to address this issue (Quinn et al., 2011; Amblard and Michel, 2011). Edges in directed information graphs depict statistical causation between non-i.i.d. time-series. In this work, “statistical causation” is in the sense of Granger causality (Granger, 1969), where a process X statistically causes Y if in sequentially predicting Yt , knowledge of the past Xt−1 helps in prediction even when Y t−1 and the past of all the other processes are already known. These graphs use directed information, an information theoretic quantity, which is well-defined for any class of stochastic processes. Directed information has been applied to a range of settings, such as neuroscience (Quinn et al., 2011; Kim et al., 2011; So et al., 2012; Kim et al., 2014), gene regulatory networks (Rao et al., 2007, 2008), and online social networks (Ver Steeg and Galstyan, 2012, 2013; Quinn et al., 2012). For networks with thousands or millions of edges, directed information graphs become too complicated for direct humans analysis. A major approach to simplifying the graphs is to only keep a few edges which together best approximate the dynamics of the system.