Trip distribution laws are basic for the travel demand characterization needed in transport and urban planning. Several approaches have been considered in the last years. One of them is the so-called gravity law, in which the number of trips is assumed to be related to the population at origin and destination and to decrease with the distance. The mathematical expression of this law resembles Newton’s law of gravity, which explains its name. Another popular approach is inspired by the theory of intervening opportunities and it has been concreted into the so-called radiation models. Individuals are supposed to travel until they find a job opportunity, so the population and jobs spatial distributions naturally lead to a trip flow network. In this paper, we perform a thorough comparison between the gravity and the radiation approaches in their ability at estimating commuting flows. We test the gravity and the radiation laws against empirical trip data at different scales and coming from different countries. Different versions of the gravity and the radiation laws are used to estimate the probability that an individual has to commute from one unit to another, called trip distribution law. Based on these probability distribution the commuting networks are simulated with different trip distribution models. We show that the gravity law performs better than the radiation law to estimate the commuting flows, to preserve the structure of the network and to fit the commuting distance distribution although it fails at predicting commuting flows at large distances. Finally, we show that both approaches can be used in absence of detailed data for calibration since the only parameter of both the gravity and the radiation laws depends only on the scale of the geographic unit. INTRODUCTION Everyday, billions of individuals around the world travel. These movements form a socio-economic complex network, backbone for the transport of people, goods, money, information or even diseases at different spatial scales. The study of such spatial networks is consequently the subject of an intensive scientific activity [1–3]. Some examples include the estimation of population flows [4–11], transport planning and modeling [1, 2], spatial network analysis [12, 13], study of urban traffic [12] and modeling of the spreading of infectious diseases [14–16]. Trip distribution modeling is thus crucial for the prediction of population movements, but also for an explanatory purpose, in order to better understand the mechanisms of human mobility. There are two major approaches for the estimation of trip distribution at an aggregate level. The traditional gravity approach, in analogy with the Newton’s law of gravitation, is based on the assumption that the amount of trips between two locations is related to their populations and decays with a function of the distance [3, 17–20]. This approach has been widely used in the past few decades to model flows of population [4– 6, 8, 9, 14–16], volume of international trade [21, 22], traffic in transport networks [23, 24] and phone communications [25]. In contrast to the gravity law, the Stouffer’s law of intervening opportunities [26] hinges on the assumption that the number of opportunities plays a more important role in the location choices than the distance, particularly in the case of migration choices. In the same vein, the recently proposed radiation approach [7, 10, 27, 28] is inspired by a simple diffusion model where the amount of trips between two locations depends on their populations and the number of opportunities between them. The gravity law and the radiation law have been compared several times during the last years giving the superiority to either of the approaches depending on the study [7, 8, 10, 29, 30]. Two main issues can be identified in these comparisons. First, the inputs used to simulate the flows are not always identical. For example, in the comparison proposed in [29], the gravity law tested takes as input the population, whereas the radiation law is based on the number of jobs. Second, in all these studies, the models used to generate the trips from the radiation and the gravity laws are not constrained in the same way. The radiation models are always production constrained, this means that the number of trips, or at least an estimation of the number of trips generated by census unit, is preserved.