We propose a simple mean-field ansatz to study phase transitions from a topological phase to a trivial phase. We probe the efficiency of this approach by considering the string-net model in the presence of a string tension for any anyon theory. Such a perturbation is known to be responsible for a deconfinement-confinement phase transition which is well described by the present variational setup. We argue that mean-field results become exact in the limit of large total quantum dimension. PACS numbers: 05.30.Pr, 05.30.Rt, 71.10.Pm, 75.10.Jm The blend of quantum computation and of topological phases of matter [1] have led to the idea of topological quantum computation [2–4]. In this field, the essential ingredient is the construction of physical systems sustaining exotic excitations known as non-Abelian anyons (see Ref. [5] for a review). Being genuinely non local, these anyons allow for efficient storage and manipulation of quantum information. Indeed, topologically ordered systems [1] are stable under local perturbations [6] and hence protected against undesirable effects such as decoherence. However, strong enough perturbations, may drive the system to a non topological phase. In recent years, many works have been devoted to the study of this robustness in microscopic models. Such an issue is diffi- cult to address since one has to deal with two-dimensional interacting quantum systems and the complex nature of the anyonic quasiparticles prevents from using standard methods. The goal of the present work is to propose a simple approach that may be considered as a mean-field theory for topological phases. To this end, we introduce a variational ansatz which can describe topological as well as non topological phases. By construction, it also matches the exact ground state in some limiting cases. Thus, it aims at qualitatively describing phase diagrams while being quantitatively acceptable. Most models hosting topological quantum order are built as a sum of local commuting projectors (toric code [2], string nets [7],...). In lattice gauge theories, one often interprets these projectors as operators measuring effective fluxes and charges. The topologically ordered ground state (vacuum) is then defined as the flux-free and charge-free state. Elementary excitations are obtained by locally violating this constraint. In two dimensions, excitations are point-like anyons related by strings and their energy does not depend on their relative position so that topological phases are also called deconfined phases. A natural way to destroy topological order consists in adding a string tension that will drive the system to a confined phase. The prototypical Hamiltonian of such a system can be written H = −Jv X v Qv − Jp X p Bp − Jl X l Ll , (1) where Qv (Bp) are projectors measuring charges (fluxes) on vertices (plaquettes) of a two-dimensional graph and where Ll is an operator acting on links which induces a string tension. In the following, we consider open boundary conditions so that the ground state is unique in the thermodynamical limit. Assuming nonnegative couplings, the ground state of H is readily written in two limiting cases. On one hand, in the trivial phase Jv = Jp = 0, the ground state is a (polarized) product state denoted by |0i, where all links are in the same state. On the other hand, for Jl = 0, the ground state is proportional to Q v Qv Q p Bp|0i. The main idea of our construction is to find a simple variational state that bridges the gap between these two extreme cases. In this Letter, we focus on the string-net model in the honeycomb lattice since it allows to study a wide variety of topological phases [7, 8]. Interested readers that are not familiar with this model can find a detailed study of this variational approach in the simpler case of the toric code model in Ref. [9]. The string-net Hamiltonian [7] is a special case of Eq. (1) where the operator Bp favors the zero-flux con- figuration in plaquette p. Here, we only consider states without charge excitation so that the Hilbert space is spanned by all link configurations satisfying the so-called branching rules (stemming from the fusion rules of the considered anyon theory). We thus drop the −Jv P v Qv term in the Hamiltonian. For simplicity, we also restrict our discussion to the string tension term introduced in Ref. [10] which involves Ll operators enforcing a zero flux in link l of the lattice.