Walking animals, like stick insects, cockroaches or ants, demonstrate a fascinating range of locomotive abilities and complex behaviors. The locomotive behaviors can consist of a variety of walking patterns along with adaptation that allow the animals to deal with changes in environmental conditions, like uneven terrains, gaps, obstacles etc. Biological study has revealed that such complex behaviors are a result of a combination of biomechanics and neural mechanism thus representing the true nature of embodied interactions. While the biomechanics helps maintain flexibility and sustain a variety of movements, the neural mechanisms generate movements while making appropriate predictions crucial for achieving adaptation. Such predictions or planning ahead can be achieved by way of internal models that are grounded in the overall behavior of the animal. Inspired by these findings, we present here, an artificial bio-inspired walking system which effectively combines biomechanics (in terms of the body and leg structures) with the underlying neural mechanisms. The neural mechanisms consist of 1) central pattern generator based control for generating basic rhythmic patterns and coordinated movements, 2) distributed (at each leg) recurrent neural network based adaptive forward models with efference copies as internal models for sensory predictions and instantaneous state estimations, and 3) searching and elevation control for adapting the movement of an individual leg to deal with different environmental conditions. Using simulations we show that this bio-inspired approach with adaptive internal models allows the walking robot to perform complex locomotive behaviors as observed in insects, including walking on undulated terrains, crossing large gaps as well as climbing over high obstacles. Furthermore we demonstrate that the newly developed recurrent network based approach to online forward models outperforms the adaptive neuron forward models, which have hitherto been the state of the art, to model a subset of similar walking behaviors in walking robots. ∗Correspondence: sakyasingha.dasgupta@riken.jp Current address: Riken Brain Science Institute, 2-1 Hirosawa, Wako, Saitama, Japan 1 arXiv:1506.03599v1 [cs.NE] 11 Jun 2015 1 Introduction Walking animals show diverse locomotor skills to deal with a wide range of terrains and environments. These involve intricate motor control mechanisms with internal prediction systems and learning (Huston and Jayaraman 2011), allowing them to effectively cross gaps (Blaesing and Cruse 2004), climb over obstacles (Watson et al. 2002), and even walk on uneven terrain (Pearson and Franklin 1984), (Cruse 1976). These capabilities are realized by a combination of biomechanics of their body and neural mechanisms. The main components of these neural mechanisms include central pattern generators (CPGs), internal forward models, and limb-reflex control systems. The CPGs generate basic rhythmic motor patterns for locomotion, while the reflex control employs direct sensory feedback (Pearson and Franklin 1984). However, it is argued that biological systems need to be able to predict the sensory consequences of their actions in order to be capable of rapid, robust, and adaptive behavior. As a result, similar to the observations in vertebrate brains (Kawato 1999), insects can also employ internal forward models as a mechanism to predict their future state (predictive feedbacks) given the current state or sensory context (sensory feedback) and the control signals (efference copies), in order to shape the motor patterns for adaptation (Webb 2004),(Mischiati et al. 2015). Essentially, such a forward model acts as an internal feedback loop, that uses a copy of the motor command, in order to predict the expected sensory input. Comparing this to the actual input, appropriate modulations of this signal or adaptive behaviors can be carried out. In order to make such accurate predictions of future actions to satisfy changing environmental demands, the internal forward models require some degree of memory of the previous sensory-motor information. However, given that, such motor control happens on a very fast timescale, keeping track of temporal information is integral to such very short-term memory processes. Reservoir-based recurrent neural networks (RNNs) (Maass et al. 2002), (Jaeger and Haas 2004), (Sussillo and Abbott 2009), with their inherent ability to deal with temporal information and fading memory of sensory stimuli, thus provide a suitable platform to model such internal predictive mechanisms. Taking this perspective, here, we utilize a newly developed model of self-adaptive reservoir networks (SARN) (Dasgupta et al. 2013), (Dasgupta 2015), to act as the forward models for sensorimotor prediction. This works in conjunction with other neural mechanisms for motor control and generates complex adaptive locomotion in an artificial walking robotic system.