Real world networks are often large— there are tens of thousands of human genes and trillions of connections in the human brain. Such scales make human visual processing of and decision making with the whole network prohibitive. This paper investigates algorithms to identify provably good approximations of the network topology, which capture important system dynamics while significantly reducing the number of edges to enable tractable analysis. 1 arXiv:1506.04767v1 [cs.IT] 15 Jun 2015 Quinn, Pinar, and Kiyavash Across different domains, edges are used to model various kinds of ties such as physical connections or dynamic relationships. For instance, in depicting a computer network, an edge might correspond to a physical wire or a packet exchange between a sender and a receiver. For the human brain, edges could correspond to information flow between different cells or brain regions (Takahashi et al., 2015; Kim et al., 2014). For online social networks, edges might represent user-defined relationships or pairs of users that frequently message each other (Ver Steeg and Galstyan, 2012, 2013). Edges that represent dynamics often must be inferred from activity, in some cases statistically. There is a large literature on graphs whose edges depict statistical relationships. Markov and Bayesian networks are well-known probabilistic graphical models whose edges represent correlation. Many methods have been proposed to infer and approximate the networks from i.i.d. data, often relying on heuristics. 

Pretty soon I wanted to smoke, and asked the widow to let me.  But she wouldn't.  She said it was a mean practice and wasn't clean, and I must try to not do it any more.  That is just the way with some people.  They get down on a thing when they don't know nothing about it.  Here she was a-bothering about Moses, which was no kin to her, and no use to anybody, being gone, you see, yet finding a power of fault with me for doing a thing that had some good in it.  And she took snuff, too; of course that was all right, because she done it herself. 

Her sister, Miss Watson, a tolerable slim old maid, with goggles on, had just come to live with her, and took a set at me now with a spelling-book. She worked me middling hard for about an hour, and then the widow made her ease up.  I couldn't stood it much longer.  Then for an hour it was deadly dull, and I was fidgety.  Miss Watson would say, "Don't put your feet up there, Huckleberry;" and "Don't scrunch up
like that, Huckleberry--set up straight;" and pretty soon she would say, "Don't gap and stretch like that, Huckleberry--why don't you try to behave?"

Brahinsky said that the University of California has, "made a priority out of administrative spending," noting that it has increased by over 250% in the last 20 years. The growth of faculty spending over the same time period has only increased by 50%, he said, adding that 20 years ago there were five faculty members for every two administrators, but the figure has shifted dramatically, and presently there are only five faculty members for every six administrators, on average. 

"The administration is growing and has surpassed the faculty," he said. 

"The priorities of the UC are something that ought to be democratic," Brahinsky said. "We can have a say in that, and so we should." 

To learn more about the University of California's budget, Brahinsky recommended attendance at a workshop to be held by Autonomous Students UCSC, a student organization that was tabling at the picnic. 

AFT Local 2199 President Roxi Power also spoke at the mid-day rally, as did Mike Rotkin, AFT's longest running President at UC Santa Cruz. 

After the speakers were heard, a street theater segment was performed with UC administrators portrayed as top-hat wearing characters from the Monopoly board game. Many participants were dressed in graduation gowns, and union members distributed the lyrics to a variety of songs to those in attendance so that the group could serve as the musical chorus in the skit. 

﻿Another popular approach is inspired by the theory of intervening opportunities and it has been concreted into the so-called radiation models. Individuals are supposed to travel until they find a job opportunity, so the population and jobs spatial distributions naturally lead to a trip flow network. In this paper, we perform a thorough comparison between the gravity and the radiation approaches in their ability at estimating commuting flows. We test the gravity and the radiation laws against empirical trip data at different scales and coming from different countries. Different versions of the gravity and the radiation laws are used to estimate the probability that an individual has to commute from one unit to another, called trip distribution law. Based on these probability distribution the commuting networks are simulated with different trip distribution models. We show that the gravity law performs better than the radiation law to estimate the commuting flows, to preserve the structure of the network and to fit the commuting distance distribution although it fails at predicting commuting flows at large distances. Finally, we show that both approaches can be used in absence of detailed data for calibration since the only parameter of both the gravity and the radiation laws depends only on the scale of the geographic unit.

The dominant spirit, however, that haunts this enchanted region, and seems to be commander-in-chief of all the powers of the air, is the apparition of a figure on horseback, without a head. It is said by some to be the ghost of a Hessian trooper, whose head had been carried away by a cannon-ball, in some nameless battle during the Revolutionary War, and who is ever and anon seen by the country folk hurrying along in the gloom of night, as if on the wings of the wind. His haunts are not confined to the valley, but extend at times to the adjacent roads, and especially to the vicinity of a church at no great distance. Indeed, certain of the most authentic historians of those parts, who have been careful in collecting and collating the floating facts concerning this spectre, allege that the body of the trooper having been buried in the churchyard, the ghost rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head, and that the rushing speed with which he sometimes passes along the Hollow, like a midnight blast, is owing to his being belated, and in a hurry to get back to the churchyard before daybreak.

“If you’re not willing to go outside the parameters set by conglomerates, that safety net of success, there’s no point venturing out on your own,” Lee assures.

“Many young entrepreneurs seem to be jumping on the bandwagon, approaching the startup game for the wrong reasons, without any clear strategy in mind,” Lee notes. “If you’re not hungry enough, if you’re not ready to startup a new company, then it’s better to jump ship.”

President Park Geun-hye has vowed to cut through red tap and provide financial incentive for entrepreneurs, earmarking $92 billion to support small and mid-sized businesses, which also encompasses startups.

But getting startups off the ground is one thing, turning them into sustainable businesses is another. It seems only a matter of time before such inflated expectations burst, if entrepreneurs don’t keep at it for the right reasons.

Another obstacle for many entrepreneurs is the apparent lack of corporate culture that actively embraces M&A deals, which, in turn, rewards founders with attractive valuations. According to Go Young-ha, chairman of The Korean Business Angels Association, the government remains slow at harnessing the potential of younger entrepreneurs, many of whom are still under the spell of larger conglomerates that hold a monopoly on the country’s tech industries.
